Issue 439: use an existing container (#464)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/features/creating_container.md

	}
}
```

## GenericReusableContainer

`testcontainers.GenericReusableContainer` reuses a container if it exists or creates a generic container with parameters.
Reusing will work only if you pass an existing container's name via 'req.Name' field.

> If the name is empty, or it is not in a list of existing containers, the function will create a new generic container

Reviewer: Reading this description, which is pretty clear, this thought came to my mind: why adding a new type of container that could be used in a wrong manner, like creating a GenericReusableContainer but with a name that is not reusable?

This is thinking out loud: do you think adding the same logic to the reusable container into the generic container would make sense? Please take a look at how the Java folks do it: https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/blob/de1324ed2800eff4da326d0c23d281399d006bc0/core/src/main/java/org/testcontainers/containers/GenericContainer.java#L384

The GenericContainer, if defined as reusable, reuses the container ID. I think this API would be simpler in terms of usability: as a consumer I don't have to remember the different types of Containers, simply configure the generic one.

Again, this is an opinion, as valid as any other, so please tell us your thoughts

Author: @mdelapenya I want to suggest next behavior: we add `Reuse` optional flag to `GenericContainerRequest`, because maybe a user doesn't want to reuse an existing container..

```go
c, err := GenericReusableContainer(ctx, GenericContainerRequest{
	ContainerRequest: ContainerRequest{
		Image:        "nginx:1.17.6",
		ExposedPorts: []string{"80/tcp"},
		WaitingFor:   wait.ForListeningPort("80/tcp"),
		Name:         reusableContainerName,
	},
	Started: true,
	Reuse: true,
})
```

And we will get next possible options:
1) `Reuse` is true. We will reuse an existing container or create a new one if it not exists . If we reuse an existing container, we will ignore flag `Started`, because the container is already started. 
2) `Reuse` is false. Try to create a new container or return an error if a container already exists.

Wdyt?

Reviewer: I like it! Please go for it 🚀

> The following test creates an NGINX container, add a file into it and then reuse the container again for checking the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following test creates an NGINX container, adds a file into it and then reuses the container again for checking the file:
```
